# Chapter Opening

Operating System acts a more and more important role in modern era. Among them,
the vast popular one is Linux, an open source and free operating system that
allows everyone to modify, contribute and redistribute. For a few years ago,
during the period of the publish of book Linux Device Driver, 3rd edition,
Linux is litter known to folks both in custom and enterprise fields. But, with
the rise of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, container technology and
serverless technology, Linux is becoming a center which glues each piece of the
components.

Linux, like any other free and open source software, has a great advantage for
its developers in viewing its internals. This superpower speeds the development
of Linux; it gathers the top developers worldwide, in which professional or
amateur, full time or part time, teacher or student developers are involved.
Once a time, that design and develop operating system were dark and mysterious
areas to common software programmer. The Linux kernel still remains one of the
most large and complex software in the world, and would-be kernel hackers need
an entry point where they can approach this giant monster without being 
overwhelmed by its immense mass.

Device driver acts as a middle layer between the software interface and hardware
interface. It maps a set of hardware operations which are distinct from device
to device to a well-defined internal programming interface. Driver hides the
details of hardware, and can be built separately from the kernel image. It can
be loaded and unloaded at runtime as a standalone module, which makes it easy to
write and be loaded on demand.

Also, for kernel newbies, writing Linux kernel driver is a good start point to
dive into the internal of kernel. Driver largely depends on the knowledge of
Linux kernel, e.g. process management, memory management or VFS layer. By
learning driver, people can have the opportunity to insight its fancy working
mechanism the Linux kernel has.

The examples demonstrated in this book are composed elaborately to illustrate
the different types of driver which are generic in Linux. I hope readers can
gain a lot from this book, and start enjoying in Linux.

# Â¶ The end
